hey guys is best completed teach over
here and I bring a computer on how to
fold a lock and one your folders
so basically put a pass-along folder
okay
so basically first of all you do is
right-click on the desktop and go new
folder and just play where she wants to
say hello
you okay now you want to put some
written this before just open it up so
quickly go go up here please now got
something in there close you want to go
right click compressed you hello YouTube
dot zip see there
now as if Photoshop here so got his hip
water here hook it up okay
know what you want to do just minimize
this up and get say I never wants to see
Network enough plus send they're good
enough and click here where it says
encrypt to archive dot PAE see that all
what it look like to you but then just
click on it back then click Add
you put password no another folder
should cut here so you can delete that
folder now when I open this author up
when it was over huh
so this if it should I say muffled
OH
and I just said you wanna remember it
some notes or business and then they
make jam please subscribe for more
computer
yeah miss Conway throw some more
computer please email leave a comment
below saying if there's anything you're
stuck on they feel like stuff on like I
don't do something videos on YouTube or
PM you with d-link
and for something on YouTube or dirty
talk as soon as possible thank for Jen
and goodbye